the noise someone makes when they want to let you know they are in a bathroom stall
an insincere apology or expression of regret, often blaming the aggrieved party for being offended or bringing up an irrelevant topic to distract. 
acronym for Mom I'd Run From. the opposite of a MILF. a mom you definitely would not want to do.
a unique and powerful relationship amongst bros that words cannot define.
early morning tweeting that is vengeful, mean, or defamatory-- ideally laced with falsehood and innuendo.
the celebrity that threw another Trumper Tantrum filled with misogynistic fat shaming and slut shaming
when someone is only a dick to certain people
synonymous to comfort food, comfort cartoon provides feelings of nostalgia and sentimentality towards the viewers. the type of animation that tends to be stylized and visually appealing: over or under saturation of colours, "incorrect" motion etc. 
the storylines tend to be rich with lessons and underlying meanings (nutrients) or sometimes it's just for pure fun and joy (carbs).
the act of excreting racist, sexist, homophobic, theocratic, fascist rhetoric from one's oral sphincter; esp. in the presence of large groups of like-minded, gullible, and/or easily influenced/manipulated individuals
asking your homie to hook you up with his girlfriends best friend.
manterrupting: a sexist display of male "dominance". a trait that has not yet been lost despite decades of evolution. when men interrupt women because they "believe" that what they have to say is somehow more important.
when you are flying in the coach section of an airplane and one or both of the other two seats are unoccupied giving you more room, to stretch, lean or lie down.
people toke up right after you wake up.
when someone disrespects your manhood.
when a man sleeps with a single mother with a small child. 
when a man expresses false adornment for a women's child in order to sleep with her.
a far more severe muffin top where several folds of fat spills over a women's pants creating various nooks and crannies.
when a female you are interested in casually reveals that she has a boyfriend (intentionally or otherwise).
a variation of see you later alligator, using masturbator instead. 
something that is sexually desirable, or deemed high enough quality that it can be used for masturbation purposes.
lectures about social injustice, while doing little to create change.
a feeling that one is in the body of the wrong species
a fool who believes all information found on Wikipedia is accurate and true.
the immediately preceding statement is false and was told to mislead.
a pornographic Christmas ornament.
a form of punishment wherein an employee fucks up beyond the reprimand of a warning and is put on a disciplinary leave of absence with or without pay.
a euphemistic reference to taking a massive dump. dumps, typically the corn filled variety. an eloquent expression of any act of defecation.
a text message containing information (usually unflattering or damaging) about a third party which is sent to the individual it concerns rather than the person for whom the communication is intended. 
the morning after hippies or member of the 60's counter culture have made tie dyed t shirts, candles, or prayer flags
when you go for a day or so without brushing your teeth, and the texture in your mouth feels like your teeth are wearing fuzzy little sweaters.
television channels you get without a cable or satellite TV subscription.
a person who frequently attacks others in speech or writing, but who poses no intellectual threat whatsoever. the motivation of this type of person, which can usually be accurately construed as a desire to be obnoxious and offensive. 
someone that has money beyond that of a normal baller yet pays less taxes than a street pharmaceutical rep or an illegal immigrant.
a person who holds a significant amount of money tied up in Gift Cards, Store Credit, Groupons and other forms of vouchers.
the act of pulling your dick out of your pants as a sign of respect for our n***a Harambe
a spin-off of the word hardcore, used, when referring to pornography, to refer to a movie that was made with a Shakespearean play as the original plot.
ripped or "holy" jeans. jeans that are so holy, they're jesus jeans!
a way of saying the phrase, "Hate us cause they ain't us" with a little more elegance.
a middle-distance relationship (or "MDR”) when two people find themselves living with *JUST* enough distance between them that they can’t see each other as often as they'd like — a distance shorter than that between Taylor Swift and Adele's vocal ranges but longer than the time it takes to master the catchy lyrics to Tay Tay’s latest chart-topper. a commonly used term for a relationship with a significant other, friend, or friend's pet that lives more than 30 minutes, one bridge or a very large hill away.
a panicky, flirtatious text thread usually leading to sexting. a thread commonly typed in a nervous fashion out of fear of getting caught.
a massive night out with the lads with no defined finishing time, unlimited larger consumption and scant regard for any tasks or responsibilities that need to be adhered to the next day. generally the premise of the out of town worker
a sarcastic phrase meant to downplay the complaint or misfortune of another person, similar to playing the world's tiniest violin with one's fingers.
a reference to the assassination of President Lincoln. a reference that can be substituted with any phrase referring to a tragic event, such as, "Other than that, how was the flight, Sullie?"
a Bay area term meaning to put money down on someone else's gas. someone's portion of gas money.
when a person in casual conversation drops extremely depressing information in an order to derail the conversation to a more depressing state.
when someone brags about something but are clearly lying about it or give an example of how bad you are at the thing you're bragging about.
what happens when you type "Google" into Google.
the stage of devolopment where you have to Pre-Purchase the game to have the privelege to test it for any final bugs.
a driver that is all over your rear bumper if you drive the speed limit.
when you send or receive a text that is so long that you need to scroll down.
an excuse used by shitty people to deny ownership or knowledge of their bad qualities. an excuse that can also be used to devalue and avoid change or responsibility over what the other person said to them. how in either case, the speaker feigns surprise at these "new" and "unexpected" things they are being told.
direct translations of "you've taken all my shit before, why the sudden backbone?" and/or "I've known this for awhile, but why bring it up now?"
when a person ejaculates while playing the game "Pokemon go." this type of ejaculation that usually occurs near spawn points of legendary/rare Pokemon.
a person who does not accept or is out of touch with the realities/ beliefs of modern times;
one who blatantly dismisses/ disagrees with common knowledge or scientific findings.
a female who conforms to her surroundings and claims she is unique. a female who often drinks Starbucks, wears Ugg boots in August, and posts selfies on social networking sites every. single. day. someone who also uses hashtags that don't have anything to do with the picture itself.
when a rabid racist rant is fueled by a shitstorm of word salad.
the feelings that get stirred up whenever a Drake R&B song comes on, where you start missing people that you don't even know.
a word that means to ignore, overlook, or to forget something. a word that can be used as a verb, to sleep on something. overlooking something that is deemed good or tight.
the time during the day at which it is no longer physically possible to wear a bra. Can also be written as bra:thirty, bra 30 or bra:30. bras that are removed for the remainder of the day at bra thirty.
the time after you realized you have taken so much shit from people because you are nice. every time you do something bs and the pile gets bigger and bigger until you have reached the tipping point where you are like fuck this shit I'm out. that then whatever comes your way, you don't care.
a platonic kiss between two people when one or more of the engaged parties is in a relationship and is trying to remain guilt-free whilst kissing other girls/guys.
when you don't like somebody but you hang out with them
an exclamation that shows feelings of frustration or anger, used frequently by the people native to the United Kingdom.
the individual's Facebook personality as it is perceived by others from their post, likes, comments, emoji's, and other Facebook activity.
to be completely and honestly serious. 
a reply used by people who have been questioned on the truth of their comment. 
the art of being be truthful and not lie. 
a truncation of the phrase "dead ass serious".
a nod of the head similar to the nod of acknowledgement but can be used between any two men, not just friends. an unspoken greeting in which only another man nod is an appropriate response. a gesture that signifies acceptance of presence. a gesture that verbally may be interpreted as a grunt. a universal language with no ethnic restrictions.
the act of delusionally self-rewarding oneself for the occurrence of a terrible event by publicly masturbating while simultaneously spamming Twitter.
leave, bounce, or just plain and simple telling someone to get out of your face and go somewhere.
a Canadian of limited intelligence.
the chairs located throughout a store where the unfortunate male who gets roped into shopping with a female companion ends up sitting. the hapless male that usually ends up waiting for hours, and often while an important sporting event is on.
if you snap chat your friend day after day and you get a number at the side of there name then that means you are on a snapchat streak. the number that means the amount of days of a snapchat streak.
words uttered by President George W. Bush to the media on a golf course after announcing his serious stance on global terrorism. the words brought to light by Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9/11. 
quickly becoming an Internet meme for either Bush's hypocrisy or a segue into a non-sequitor.
the act of doing something you know you'll regret immediately after.
all things not safe for kids
a family friendly edition of NSFW (Not safe for work)
someone who is easy to engage sexual activity on a regular basis and has no problem doing it with with various different individuals.
the pubic hair that sneaks out of a bikini bottom.
what it means to collect spare change, either from couches, passersby on the street or any numerous other ways and means
pretty much the opposite of intercourse, except with clothes on. an act that consists of male/female couple rubbing up against each other for sexual pleasure.
the spanish version of homie ; 
the female version, which would be homita; 
a good friend you're close to.
an acronym that stands for "I will think of you when I masturbate", a creepy message to put in the back of your classmates yearbooks.
the point in your life at which your age matches your number of sexual partners
a pollotarian (aka a pollovegetarian or a pollo-vegetarian”), or someone who will not eat the flesh of any red meat mammals, but does include chicken, turkey and other poultry. someone who may or may not also exclude fish, seafood or products like eggs and dairy from their diet. reasons for exclusion, varying from taste preference to ethical issues. 
the genitals of a past significant other that after consideration and comparison are the ones you love the most
"young professionals,” especially presumptuous, self-interested types.
a shaved scrotum of an adult male.
when someone (usually male) taps another male on the nutsack firmly enough to elicit a short burst of testicular pain.
when something just tweeted was so foolish, moronic, and pointless the person who wrote it should just close their account and walk away in shame.
the ultimate RT Twitter insult.
a best friend of yours that has the same breast size as you
someone who get's an audience riled up and hype, but they don't have much substance. a DJ or a lesser known opening artist before a performance.
the face you make right before you bust
for most girls, either a tub of any type of food (most of the time, ice cream) while she cries her heart out while watching romantic movies. 
a bath tub with scattered rose petals and an aromatic smell, scented candles lit everywhere, so the broken-hearted girl can take a comforting wash.
pleasuring yourself in the shower, which is convenient because it kills two birds with one stone, the buckling down and the clean up.
a camel toe except in the rear; when your clothes are too tight and you can see your butt crack through clothing.
the girl who you would possibly like to date if you weren't already attached so you string her along by asking her to do platonic activities.
when you thought you were charging your phone but you actually weren't
having a hard time as a male to look a woman in the eyes because of her distracting front torso 
having a hard time as a male to focus on ANYTHING because of a distracting female torso in sight
acting in a casual or complimenting manner towards someone. (Opposite Of Throwing Shade)
the practice of covering your desk with papers, completed work, and other important-looking papers to give the appearance that you are really busy when really you're surfing the net, watching YouTube vids and doing other non-work things.
when you hate someone, but you have a connection with them. when you are the person's enemy, but you are always with them and you can't look away from them.
f&f - flirt and forget. used after a break up, when you want to forget about your ex by flirting with other people.
when your phone or tablet indicates that you are connected to a wireless network, however you are still unable to load webpages or use any internet services with your device
when you ain't got no chill, like you don't take shit lightly. when your zone is always turnt. when there is no turning down when you are in your zone.
the heinous combination of flip-flops and socks.
when you’re trying to prove someone wrong and immediately refer to Google to debunk their theory
the sensation that happens after eating carbs for lunch
the act of slapping someone in the face with a penis-like object
when you pass your old hoe to one of your friends.
the amount of fries taken by your female significant other, after you've already asked her if she was hungry but she insisted she didn't want anything.
a common misspelling of the word "pundit," usually made by people with a fourth-grade education.
morning bowel movement. the first poop of the day, almost always taken immediately upon awakening in the morning.
someone who doesn't know how to read an emoji.
boy smell, like basic laundry detergent, plain soap, a little bit of protein powder, and fresh rubber.
grown up things and hold responsibilities such as, a 9-5 job, a mortgage/rent, a car payment, or anything else that makes one think of grown ups.
an imaginary female that a male lies about having sex with.
burritoing - the act of wrapping yourself in multiple blankets, nearing, but not reaching, the point of suffocation.
another word for chillin.
hanging out
being in the house doing you.
when one rests their head on breast while cuddling. fondling which may or may not happen.
a hood term used to describe when a man has not had sexual intercourse for a prolonged period of time.
having children that just aren't worth supporting
this gender-neutral noun refers to a person about to get married very soon or recently did so, for either LGBTQ or straight people, in the wake of the recent legalization of LGBT marriage in the U.S.
the phrase get your balls wet, which is intended to indicate that one must go balls deep or balls out giving one's activity 100% effort
a person who shares the most intimate details of their life/heartbreak/feelings with strangers because it's cheaper than mental healthcare, and not subject to the same bias or advice that the person could receive from someone closer to the situation.
when in absolute disgust one says "finna yack" meaning, I'm going to puke. Could also express disagreement or physical illness.
a coy internet smiley face, resembling something like a cat, cuteness in nature.
an occasional meat eater. someone who is not a vegetarian, maybe not even intentionally avoiding meat.
a phrase that’s short for organic meaning better than fresh. a phrase that also means extremely cool or dope.
a vibrator or sometimes a dildo. when you don't have a steady male companion and/or when he can't get you off.
when your large intestine has been holding back waste for more than 48 hours and your farts are the leading indicator of what is to come.
when you’re tired/bored and sober, and fuck around too much and end up doing something you will regret
a classy, elegant, self-sufficient woman who carries herself with dignity and pride and takes no shit from any bitch, male or female.
TBNR (The Best Never Rest)
someone who is a lookalike, or doppelganger, for another person, but less attractive. a term that is versatile and can, in theory, also be applied to inferior versions of non-human things/animals or used to compare one individual negatively to another in terms unrelated to physical attractiveness, though it usually refers to physical appearance,.
the process of grinding very loud/dank weed then spilling it all over your pants (presumable the crotch area) then attempting to pack the spilt weed into the bowl
when you’re in the middle of making out and you gently bite the other person's nose, often licking it a bit while doing it.
taking a bath after an embarrassing/undesirable sex act
sending a Snapchat video of you/your friends chugging an alcoholic beverage, prompting your recipients to reply with a chug video of their own.
someone who is extremely frumpy.
when you spot your homie something like money, chronic, drank or whatever not expecting him to pay you back. when you know he's gonna spot you some time in the future.
when you've eaten something that has totally fucked up your stomach. 
when you shit and it’s a liquidy substance called ass liquid
the indentations left on the calves or ankles as a result of wearing tight socks;
a way to say "cigarette break" without your boss knowing that you're going to have a smoke. a statement especially useful in non-smoking environments. The term "fresh air" can also be used to mean "cigarette" but is not typically necessary and doesn't sound right in most contexts.
a person who starts a new job and quits after only half a day. a person who typically goes to lunch, never to return.
a term commonly used on the internet for when someone is laughing very hard or simply can't stop laughing.
something like netflix and chill, and amazon and anal but with more sexual activity.
any store with a lot of food
a greeting, primarily used in western states, expressing shock and amazement in association with the unexpected arrival of a former lover or spouse.
a lot of passionate kisses.
when a man attempts to grow a beard but his facial hair is so thin and inconsistent, it's as if it were a baby beard
an alternative term for a tampon.
a phrase for women to use with men that is just like the phrase "bitch please".
when your bro says or does something dumb but you're willing to forget it... brogetit.
when a lady dozes off and begins to snore so faintly it's almost difficult to know she's even sleeping.
when there is way more than a Baker's dozen, when there is a shit ton, it is known as ”A Baker's Shit Ton".
malware obtained by incorrectly typing a web URL in the browser or accidentally clicking on the wrong link in search results
an instance of controversial or forbidden thot-like behavior, i.e. acting as outlandishly promiscuous or slutty as humanly possible
a passive-aggressive method to 'break up' with a friend without being hurtful. a process similar to ghosting and a method that is NOT an abrupt process and can apply to just about anyone. when care are should be taken in choosing the strategy:
the art if taking longer and longer intervals to return phone calls, text messages, etc.. and avoid making commitments. For ex: take a week to return a voicemail or a few days for a text. as the weeks go by, the lag between all communications gradually increases.
never answering the phone if you see that person's number on your caller ID. waiting at least a week to return the message (unless it's an emergency), preferably via text.
avoiding face-to-face meetings (like coffee or lunch) and make excuses to skip activities you both enjoyed previously (like going to the movies).
the goal of gently un-friending that person at a kind and gingerly pace. what can be a very effective method for those averse to conflict or part of tightly knit groups. over time, a change in your, and you may want to rekindle the friendship. a method in which you haven't burned all your bridges.
that moment after you finished watching some sick, fucked-up, porno and you’re just sitting there thinking "What the hell is wrong with me?" while you ponder life and shit.
when one who has to defecate has an opportunity to relieve themselves after waiting for a period of time.
one extremely large meal consumed in a day as opposed to the standard three.
someone who does not wipe their ass or has not taken a shower recently and stinks like shit
when you touch someone or something with your erect penis and it releases static electricity.
descriptions of the sensation of realizing that there are too many boys around.
the rule stating a double text is ok as long as the second text message is sent within 5 seconds of the first.
stroking another one's ego to make yourself noticed by higher ranks in group email
doing nothing. 
not doing anything useful.
a climax of sexual excitement, characterized by feelings of pleasure and euphoria as a result of stimulation to the prostate.
a primitive version of netflix and chill, which older generations did and what some hipsters still do.
the tendency not to start anything until you've had a cup of coffee.
the act of two individuals rubbing pelvic regions against each other in order to cause orgasm (implied while wearing denim trousers). an act similar to dry-humping and "OTPHJ" (over-the-pants-hand-job).
a stress threshold; the most stress that can be tolerated in a given situation
when you're watching porn and you don't wanna climax just yet, so you stop for a moment, and go again. when the act is often repeated multiple times.
the act of browsing your newsfeed in lieu of getting out of bed
when you see a free wi-fi connection, join the network but it makes you sign up to some bullshit or tries to charge you.
an addiction to electronic devices such as laptops, smartphones, and tablets. E-ddiction, which is characterized by the constant need to check your smartphone for the latest Facebook posts, Twitter updates, news, etc. people with e-ddiction prefer spending time browsing the Internet over social interaction.
a hoe that is good at what she does.
becoming sexually aroused by one score in a video game/sport/etc.
the realization that oreos are still in your kitchen.
the smell that's left inside a bathroom after someone else has taken a poop. an unpleasant smell (unless you like other people's poop smells), and definitely not a smell you'd like to shower in.
like a sugar daddy without the age gap.
a food that hits your stomach long after you've eaten it, meaning you can eat way too much of it. a food that makes you very sluggish after.
when you fake a picture to get likes on Instagram
someone who types long responses to a text
netflix and chill, but to the next level. when it means you are going to climax with your partner while an IMAX is playing in the background. a process for adults and risk takers, while netflix and chill is simply for children.
HANDCESTORS, all the ancestors never to be born due to male masturbation.
when a boyfriend or a husband does something nice for their girlfriend/wife, giving them an opportunity to do something fun without fear of nagging.
when lower gastrointestinal distress is relieved in the bathroom, and the resulting semi- to fully- liquefied remains and flatulence leaves a lingering odor long after the person has left the bathroom
when your fingers are so cold texting is almost impossible.
a game that can have as many or as little amount of players as u want, played in a supermarket. you grab a box of condoms and follow an unsuspecting shopper. when you slip the condoms into their shopping while they aren’t looking. when u follow them to the checkout and see what happens. a game where you score a point if they dont notice and purchase them, but if they notice them and put them aside u get nothing. a fun game to play.
when a speaker is changing the conversation from a humorous note to a serious one. the speaker uses "on a serious note” to warn his/her companion that he/she is going to shift the gear of the conversation to a serious note.
that there ain't No Such Thing as A Free Lunch. 
very old slang, dating back to before ain't became a legitimate English contraction.
the feeling that a prospect is too good to be true (TGTBT), in that you are being offered something for nothing.
the universal tap given (usually on a thigh), signaling an impending ejaculation.
purposely stinking up the toilet before your roommate or significant other needs to use the bathroom. 
walking into the bathroom after forgetting you took a stinky dump just minutes earlier.
chips that have been contaminated by someone who puts their hand in the bag after going to the bathroom, WITHOUT washing their hands.
a pair of knees that when a picture is taken could appear to be cleavage.
Fifth Harmony's song “BO$$”
a similar meaning as fleek but also involves having a healthy body and diet of vegetation.
farts brought on by eating whale blubber in the dead of winter; you cannot escape them by going outdoors because its too cold
the awkward cuddle between two friends who are not trying to go to far
manly tits or saggy man boobs
a state of mind carrying a degree of similarity to mindfuck; when one is so incredibly overwhelmed by positive emotion and/or refusal to believe in the concurrent situation that the only words traversing both their brain and mouth are 'wow' and 'fuck'.
what people say when they dun understand what the fuck you’re saying
somebody who is fucking your mom and is not your real dad. somebody that can sometimes called "Step-Douche", "Step-Ass" and so on.
when you watch netflix alone and jerk off.
a person suffering from severe constipation.
someone who likes all your Instagram pictures and gives you shoutouts and acts like y’all a couple over instagram
one who texts while walking, usually unaware of their surroundings.
the deepest stages of a much-needed restful night; when you're so sleep, you sleep through alarms, often with mouth ajar, face planted against the sheets.
someone who has money, but goes around complaining how they don't have enough cash to pay their bills or buy food,
what restaurant owners give to the special snowflake Yelp reviewers. a gift that consists of a "special" surprise, including but not limited to boogers
an app such as Kik, Whatsapp or Snapchat that allows people to anonymously chat. an app that is often used by people cheating or playing games online.
illiterate instagram commenters that express reaction or mutual agreement to a certain subject or topic.
the feeling you get after leaving a conversation, when you think of all things you should have said, witty, wise or informative.
something males (mostly) get when they attempt to console a female who has recently found out about an unfaithful mate.
Laughing out loud, in real life. when you actually, legitimately, do laugh out loud after reading something. not the pity 'lol' you throw down just to be polite or because you don't know what the fuck else to say.
having a sense of confidence; to be pleased with the way you look and show it through actions.
a person that finds pregnant women sexually stimulating. one that would be attracted to a preggo.
the ultimate turn up girl of the squad. the female that gets the party going.
The Special Snowflake, a person who believes they are different and unique from everyone else because of something there are or do. a thing they are or do, is most commonly something many many other people are doing, E.G. Genderfluid, Therian (Otherkin), etc. Special Snowflakes that almost always have a superiority complex.
the face you make when you're a little more than just sad.
when the second toe is longer than the (great) or big toe
the YouTube jungle. a desolate zone littered with video uploads generally taken down within two weeks due to strange and/or NSFW content. users that have unintelligible names and post videos that make no sense.
when you are peeing or shitting and your dick touches the urinal or toilet where other dicks probably have been.
certain activities that are popular within the Caucasian community that People of Color don't usually participate in.
what you say when you're in the middle of a story and realize no one's listening.
when you get the great idea to start making ToDo lists at work, of which's items only a fraction get done. as the list grows after a few days, weeks, whatever, you begin to realize you've made a huge list of things you intended to do but never got done.
the exhaustion and sick feeling you get when you have too much sex
a hooded soldier, a confident man who takes pride in his foreskin. a hooded solider who knows the power and appreciates the function of his intact penis.
when you get so high you are spread out and stuck to your bed like a starfish.
ladies that are over 380 and are very confident about their weight.
a pervasive disorder, characterized by a tendency to make inaccurate statements.
what someone says when they want to end an argument, essentially concluding that both parties think they are right and that they will get nowhere in arguing.
c*nt, the politically correct way
a sarcastic term used to describe the state of feigning a full schedule of events when one, in fact, has no obligations whatsoever for the period of time in question.
a female who is attracted to beards.
a term of acknowledgement; esp. without particular interest.
an emoticon for a marijuana leaf
an overgrown baby who had his hand held his entire life, meanwhile learning nothing about the world the rest of us live in. 
a traditional courtship practice, between prospective a prospective suitor and his would be mate. the female party in the relationship, who sits on a bed, and puts her legs behind her head, thereby exposing her "winking brown eye". the suitor who strips down naked, and stands across the rooms. on the count of three, when he sprints towards the lady, with the attempt of bullseyeing her anus, to achieve balls deep penetration of mythical proportions. this practice which usually leads to death.
a black man who will do anything to stay in good standing with "the white man" including betray his own people
a person who makes sudden, unexpected actions without warning or planning. Often used in online gaming, somewhat similar to Leeroy Jenkins.
when a guy walks by or just so happens to see a girl and raises his eyebrows in a satisfactory body scanning.
a person who travels from town to town removing porn filters from the computers at public libraries.
performing medical procedures in the comfort of one's own home with an inappropriate device.
a term directed at whiners to stop crying and start doing something. 
a term derived from wow mage forums, which are notorious for housing cry babies.
a term was used during the Jim Crow Law days when the rednecks of the South couldn't pronounce the words due to their heavily Southern drawl, used vastly in the movie Mississippi Burning in the correct pronunciation. 
the gradual change of an object to become more French.
what you call the scariest kind of female you can imagine. someone who will slit your throat before they will give you the time of day. the people who are usually old skanks with cheap hair dye and too much makeup, wearing miniskirts and fuck me pumps. 
a sex act involving 3 guys, 1 woman and a ladder.
someone who collects or enjoys the act of possessing one or more; big pickup tucks with swamp tires, jet or bass boats, and or ATVs 400cc and above
a phrase uttered by Canadians who stub their toes. replacing "Christ" with "Murphy," so that these Canadians manage to avoid hell.
someone who is a Christian, usually a Protestant, who is so ridiculously into their beliefs that they become super obnoxious about it. someone who will not tolerate any deviation from their beliefs, even from more moderate Christians. someone who feels the need to be really in-your-face about their beliefs. someone who is obsessed with proselytizing people from other faiths and other denominations of Christendom.
delectable bites of chicken which can be purchased nationwide at any Chic Fil A location.
anything that holds together a critical assembly, such as a main roter on a helicopter. If the nut, bolt ect. in question fails then the equipment will catastrophically fail and everyone in/around it will be on their way to see Jesus.
jesus on a stick day.
the secret ESRB rating for a game that has been critically acclaimed to be so violent that it's been rated for Jesus Only.
the meal that McDonald's will never have on the menu and will refuse to serve you but is damn delicious.
a drunken adventure whose only aim is to cure the "drunken munchies" in which it has been decided that the most sufficient meal can and will only be a McAwesome.
making false excuses as to why you cannot be at a certain place, then getting caught out.
John McCain's faux pas at David Letterman's, explaining there was an 'economic crisis' and he had to 'fly back and sort it out', later on in the show being caught out on CNN.
the belief and/or practice of improving the quality of the human population(sometimes, even to the point of upgrading people to become superhuman) through designer drugs, anti anxiety drugs, safe stimulants, medicines, certain psychedelics, Nootropics, and research chemicals in combination with a healthy lifestyle. upgrading humanity, sometimes to the point of becoming superhuman. a social philosophy advocating the improvement of human life through responsible use of non-toxic drugs to achieve higher intelligence, treat mental illnesses, increasing strength, increasing life-span, curing diseases, and the ultimate goal of near indestructability. reducing the number of people who use toxic drugs by educating society to say no to toxic drugs and using non-toxic drugs as an alternative.
a person who has a crush on you who you must avoid or ignore to prevent him or her from thinking your are interested. 
the period of time during which a guy ditches his friends in favor of his new girlfriend.
a period often accompanied by total telephonic unreachability. 
when shit is reabsorbed into the body through the anus or other oriface. The opposite of defecation.
an insulting word to call someone when you are calling eachother names. Makes them laugh everytime.
when your spouse or significant other is in bed with the flu, you sneak into bed and start pounding them from behind.
policy/code that restricts usage of media that you "own".
the afro love doctor of divinity. swag that cannot be compared.
any Jewish proctologist.
a term used to describe a group of awesome people who may be ninjas. 
the form of Jesus as an Irish doctor who favorite treatment is beer forcible pushed down the throat.
pretty much the best web comic out there lots of sexy random stuff like Benjamin Franklin's clone computer geeks posing as Mexicans riding dinosaurs, and most importantly a Scottish Ninja who is also a Doctor and is having troubles with his family, who is also ninjas and they have a hard time accepting that he’s a doctor.
one tripped out motherfucker.
someone who doesn’t read the charts before treating a patient at the hospital.
the fear of meaningless pop music
when a Directioner claims to want the D of one of the members of 1D, mainly used to insult directioners.
an inexpensive, short in duration, yet quality strip show provided to an individual that comes at a discounted price due to comaradery or goodwill.
when chinese guys are selling you stuff you don't want they always go: one dolla! getchar socks on'y one dolla!
a person that often shops at dollar stores and orders food from the dollar menu at fast food restaurants.
someone who is one donut short of a dozen is basically missing a key element to their brains. A.K.A., they are stupid. 
a person usually will have an even story or event worse than the situation you are or have experienced.
someone who has had one drink of an alcoholic beverage and becomes drunk after finishing it.
a Jamaican reggae drum beat. 
a joint rolled with one paper.
when you have had a nervous breakdown between the ages of 10 and 20
one who was underestimated but destroyed any and all who dared to call him out.
an exclamation used in response to an absurdly nerdy comment or action. 
someone who believes the radical notion that women are people.
a text of a naked photo.
a rhythmic onomatopoeia used in the children's book witch shares the title.
something that occurs when you are very startled, which involved bricks being shatted
the act of invading someones personal space with out their permission to do so.
whe splashing of dirty bong water on your lips while you are smoking marijuanna out of a water pipe.
an object for capturing an 'all-seeing-view' of a 360-degree 'bubble-like' scene. This scene can then be viewed remotely in interactive Virtual Reality.
a Brazilian Portuguese word for "buttocks", but also used to refer to "ass" "butt" "bum"
a slimeball that sends cybersex talk to a child on the internet.
a pedophile so sneaky and discreet, you never see him coming or going. 
todays teenagers, growing up with too much information being pushed upon them, usually about DEATH and THE WORLD ENDING, thus making them constantly ask "WHY?" as their addiction to information becomes stronger.
hair that is not permed, dyed, relaxed, or chemically altered.
someone who solve problems using necessary violence, wich is of course necessary in a lot of cases.
a coded method for signing an email or document so the recipient doesn't realize you've just insulted them by calling them a retard.
the sensation felt in the back of the throat sometimes caused by nausea, sometimes caused by a burp gone wrong where stomach acid climbs the esophagus and halts at the back of the tongue due to the subject's reluctance to fire projective vomit everywhere.
a sensation that burns like hell and certainly leaves the subject with "dragon breath" which is undesirable to the opposite sex. 
the act of thinking prior to consuming a food or beverage with consideration given to what it may taste like if vomited.
a person usually of the female gender and usually residing near Atlanta who has a head which resembles the shape of an uncut olive loaf.
a comic strip about a group of African-American city kids adjusting to life in white suburbia.
a Blissfully Ignorant Bastard. Someone who is ignorant by conscious choice.
the act of to doing something in the name of love, as the song by the musical artist Meat Loaf implies.
an affectionate name for the girlfriend of a man who masturbates a lot.
a way of proving, in academic writing or otherwise, that you are not American.
a girl who if you get caught banging her, you'll go to jail, so she's the bait that lures you into the jail cell.
a multi use exclamation.
a really sultry sex kitten.
a failed experiment in preparing young people for the adult world. 
the solitary ugly girl always found with a group of hotties. when the grenade doesn't get any action, so then neither does anyone else.
a device for communicating with others needlessly.
a foul smelling mixture of dead skin cells, dirt, sweat and shit seepage from one's asshole, collecting in the ass crack.
someone who offers psychological advice with out being a psychologist.
the sticky substance formed in the uncircumcised skin of the penis due to poor hygiene.
when each participant places a pornographic magazine in the middle of a highway, directly between the two dirt lines. 
the crazy english version off "hooray"
someone who doesn't cut you any slack.
 author of the very controversial Confessions of a Video Vixen.
a massive tangle of highways and roads, also rumored to contain people and houses.
when Dave Franco tries 232434 times less than Zac Efron and is 545345 times hotter.
the irrational fear parents have that their children are doing something wrong, or being hurt in some way.
when a bunch of parents all try to get a group picture of their kids on their own phone or camera, even though they know that modern technology allows one person to take the picture and send it to everyone else instantly.
the useless clutter foisted on you by your well-intentioned but misguided parents when you visit them after having moved out.
when people start dying in a freak gasoline fight accident on a trip to get orange mocha frappaccinos, but stupid in the best possible way imaginable.
a Hebrew word for "nature" and the name of a brand of outdoor adventure performance and lifestyle footwear. 
a sexual position when one guy is laying on his hands and feet in a crab position while another guy proceeds to sit on the bottom guy's face.
a religious sect devoted to the word Meep.
the sacrifice of the month, which is entirely dependent on the Eternal Meepism of the Month, a piece of wisdom which the religious leaders of the Followers, the Great Meepers, claim to recieve from a jellyfish formation in the Great Sea of Meep, which is in the parallel Holy Meep Dimension, at the heart of which the Great Meepismor resides.
a person who physically / mentally changes themselves in order to adapt to trends in society.
a written statement on Twitter intended to be seen and retweeted by one’s followers expressing your regret for having done or said something that is being criticized. the only public statement of regret and used to protect brand or product.
a person who is obsessed with the band Kings of Leon, or the individual members of the band.
a person obsessed to the point of where your infatuation with them is semi pathetic.
a cool southerner playing music. one whom likes to experiment with drugs and sex and thank God. a student of life where beer is a main participant in daily routine. someone who fears that girl fans will shoot them