The final fibers of courageous rope bearing the weight of their doomed tire swing struggles in a sudden breeze—still struggles, rather, since she knows it has been this way for some months now: evidence it has been out of use for at least as much time. She removes the pencil from the frown that so loyally accompanies her on these excursions, scribbling untidy notes made nearly illegible by the extravagant swirls of lead dust produced by the pressure of her exasperation; vexation pulls her head back in releasing a guttural bawl, though she hopes it would not rain back down upon her, hopes instead it might fall upon the ears of some benevolent deity out on a nighttime stroll across the atmosphere. This was all, the only indulgence, if she considers herself so sad as to call it that, she allows herself, as many of her other ‘liberation exercises’—fists thrashing against the roof of her car, forehead pressing down upon the siren in quick, unyielding spurts, and things of that variety—have alerted the neighbors before, so spoiled by the certainty of peace that they feel genuinely, deeply offended by the brute who challenges it. Regaining her breath, she searches for her sanity in the quantifiable. Her notes from tonight fill fifteen lines, she counted, of the yellow legal pad she uses to document these visits, and she bites her lip until it becomes glazed with copper in an effort to prevent another eruption, not wanting to test the tolerance of the surrounding bourgeois, suppressing the knowledge of the horrors she might find, the empty lines she would be able to fill if she were allowed an emic perspective. Fifteen lines— the unused tire swing, the unpicked dahlias in the flower bed, the absence of a birdhouse, of toys littering the pathway, of balls stuck in trees, bikes leaning against the home, a family-painted mailbox, picnic blankets on the lawn, books scattered about, and all the rest of the clutter that was theirs, the merry clutter they accumulated that distinguished them from the unvarying monotony of their purlieu—and she struggles to exclude from her list of negligent parental practices the removal of a mother figure from the stickers that adorn the old minivan, wiping her into oblivion as if she were a droplet of rain against the windshield instead of the very essence of maternal love. How could they, she wonders, watching their vague silhouettes bob to and fro through the sliver of space between the opaque curtains at the moments where an empathetic breeze coerces them into parting, How could they go on without me? Her eyes arrange themselves into slits (she left her binoculars at home, since she figured, if it ever came to it, they may be an obstacle in trying to convince an officer of her alibi: simply lost on her way to pick up her son from a play date, parked in the neighborhood until she could decipher the proper route), and she cups her hands around them, nose flattened against the window and creating a fog with her breath she has to wipe every few seconds. How, she wonders, could I make them mine once more? Experiencing a great deal of pity for herself, as she so often does on these excursions, she takes a moment to doodle a small, happy family in the fog of a particularly deep exhalation, gliding her finger in circles across the haze to clear a path representative of her most fervent and singular ideological desires. Constructing her youngest son’s corkscrew curls, looping ferociously, wanting to illustrate each individual strand, she sees, in a moment of empathetic breeze, her former husband strike down upon her actual, real youngest son with a wine glass and intent as clear as can be (through the haze of her breath). Yes, she thinks, it is absolutely undeniable that he has deliberately struck my son, and for that, he will be returned to me, be mine once more, since he could no longer reasonably be Seth’s. And for that moment she is frightfully satisfied. She fills her lungs with the sweet blessing of shifted air, running a film across her mind’s eye of her children and her running about the cluttered lawn, crafts in hand, jumping through the old tire swing—or perhaps in a new home, a fresh home with fresh white shutters and a bedroom for each of her boys so they wouldn’t have to share and quarrel so often as they did over matching comforters and play spaces—when the fantasy is interrupted by the sound of howl-like sobs. Slithering down into her seat, allowing only her eyes to stay above the window’s southern bound, since she suspects no one will examine her car so closely as to notice a beady pair of meddling eyes, she feels as if she has become an integral witness to a criminal scene: her youngest son is nearly unconscious, bleeding from a severe gash along his hairline, draped carelessly over the shoulder of her former spouse, who sheds no tears from his vacant eyes as he pushes away their older son, forcing him back into the house despite his uncontrollable sobbing, nearly closing the front door on his flailing arms. Instinctually she fills the lines of her legal pad, lines sixteen through twenty, as if it holds some value, as if her word is infallible—the word of someone of status, a man who could slip a pair of hundreds into the pocket of a tuxedoed host only for a booth with a view or a woman who wears pearls and brooches, who responds with “family heirlooms” and a scoff when asked the brand, though she knows she is none of these things, and though this morbid knowledge threatens her fantasy, on she writes through the tears that smudge the swirls of lead to effectively invalidate her words as she writes them—on she writes until the headlights of the old minivan alert her to their flight. Where, she wonders, feeling a quiver in her internal voice, could he possibly be taking my son? In preparing to trail the two, she turns on the radio for the first time in years, warding off bizarre, impossible, thoughts of suburban lagoons, secluded, untouched for decades and ripe to undertake a new, fresh body, young and sweet for the native creatures, with saxophone riffs and scatting. She tries her hand at—bap ba doo blue lagoon dooby doo bap ta glass glass shin booba doy my baby boy doo wap doo wap doo wap crap crap—singing along with the nonsense, but such absurdities, she knows, flourish in a clear mind where they can grow organically from the very convolutions of the brain, expanding to fill the space with sounds one can gather at random, with ease, without the firmly rooted weeds of unyielding thought to threaten its erratic development. Two cars behind the old minivan at all times, she drives rather mechanically, routine prompting her feet to the pedals, preferring instead to direct every ounce of her consciousness to scatting the correct nonsensical syllables as if precise execution transforms it into Shakespearean tragedy, which she must perform to a tee or otherwise risk being slain on stage by history, if not by the poison of impeccably launched rotten tomatoes, if not by the rigged rigid blade of her co-star’s sword. Time, landscape, and anxiety all pass in this way. Her vehicle drills through the pall of nighttime, impenetrable via the naked eye, broken in beams to reveal massive emptiness, unsettlingly heavy, sloshing over stagnant bile, which she notes is not meant to be stagnant, but, yes, certainly it all lay dormant, becoming increasingly viscous as it integrates with the violent nothingness. It is a spell, she broods, like he has clipped the cord of my autonomy and is taunting me with my own child, leading me to my doom with the ultimate bait, as if I were a flounder in love with the minnow on the hook, or perhaps a rodent whose dearest friend was that block of cheese. Just as the metaphor is taking form in her mind (she was nearly squeaking with the intrigue of the parallel), the old minivan veers suddenly to the right, entering a well concealed parking lot. She turns off her headlights, wielding the pall as a shawl, an artful masquerade and, she feels, display of dominance over her circumstance—this strange aperture, a flat opening inserted into a localized countryside, a branch of the suburb, she thinks, I must have passed a million times over without wandering into. The building for which all the greenery parts is a hospital; she could tell by the familiar dull drone of its mechanical orchestra. And she sits there and watches as her child is flung once more over the shoulder of her ex-husband, as if he were not in some moments to walk into a professional establishment where he must act properly, must quell the vermin that lives in him, that so often demonstrates its dominance over him like a termite—unfed for ages on end, not knowing how to ration a bounty—plaguing Pinocchio. (That is, before he met The Fairy With Turquoise Hair.) She often feels that was her role— humanizer—feels she made him a real man capable of fathering and feels the weight of all she has done for him settle over her, first in the form of a blanket woven by nostalgia, but quickly converting, when juxtaposed to his transgressions towards her, to a cloud of unabashed rage, turquoise in color. This perverted vignette of father and son, aggressor and victim, clear as day to she who knows them best, soon recedes from view, and she allows her rage to guide her. Free from the perils of discovery at last, she does not falter to move in immediately, allowing herself to walk to the hospital doors in her old gait—uncrouched, chin raised, self-assured. It feels unnatural, crude even, but she would have to relearn the act of walking itself, the agreed upon, understandable version of walking if she was to be a mother again, with all the responsibilities of a mother, all the guidance she is obliged to her flock, so on she carries her awkward stroll, avoiding stepping on the grid of white lines, recalling an old fable of the trials and tribulations that might befall one if one should misstep, not necessarily believing in it but neither wanting to jeopardize this fragile advantage. The hospital’s emblem is brandished, large but nonthreatening, featuring a crayon—Sickly Green, she thought, with a tart chuckle—on the wall she faces upon entering, over which the name, St. Hubert, is arranged in a delicate font, like the measured calligraphy of the original Bible might have appeared if it were written in the Latin alphabet. She feels the impulse to kneel before the name, not knowing why (she is Jewish, after all), but nevertheless she sends lengthy, pleading prayers to St. Hubert to protect her son and bring him back to her. St. Hubert, she does not know, is only the patron saint of foresters. Returning to her feet, the hospital floor emitting piercing squeaks beneath her, complaining of the friction against its smooth, recently-waxed features, she marches over to the central desk, doing her best to widen her mouth just a bit, in harmony with her footfall—a natural smile, she silently hopes. The receptionist is bald, so intensely so that a faint reflection of herself appears upon his skull as he sits hunched over in search of a document, so intensely so that she thinks he must have had it waxed along with the squeaking floors, and she envisions, or rather, calculates the significant sum of money he must have compensated the nervous laborer—quite the sum—to run the buffer gently over his head. A natural smile, indeed, spreads over her face, and she thinks, how wonderful it is that this bald head should be a part of my story, an aid, really, in having my son returned to me, granting me the ability to smile so naturally, with such ease and grace, that my normalcy should never again be questioned. She waits patiently for the receptionist to address her, and ever so politely tells him that she would like to see a patient. When he asks for a name, she tells him, smiling even wider, even more naturally at the sound of something so precious, remembering fondly the process with which it was chosen—it would be a Spanish name, they were sure, for it was doubtlessly the most beautiful language in the world, whose syllables ebb and weave silk upon the tongue, and they were sure, it must be interrupted by that pleasurable sensation of rolling Rs, whose vibrations sooth the soul, lure one deeper into a warm bath until entirely submerged in liquid tranquility. Profoundly engaged in this most tender memory, awareness is only restored when the receptionist, a hint of suspicion in his tone, asks her to define her relation to him, a question she should have expected—of course he would ask—but for which she is entirely unprepared, severely taken aback, and exposing herself through the perspiration that begins to collect in every slight recess on her body, for she had rushed to her son’s rescue without considering the ordeal it would be. Consequently, she avoids the question, telling him instead that, whatever Seth has said, it was he who shattered the glass upon my son’s poor head—I saw it, in fact, with my own two eyes, and this, it’s true, should come as no surprise, as he has a violent history, suppressed only by the ex-wife he had put away for abuse, where in fact, it was he who was a budding sadist. The receptionist stares blankly at her and merely repeats the question, and, when met with her agitated silence, bids for some identification, lest she wished to be escorted out. Slowly moving her hand to her purse, contemplating her options, she, in a moment of retaliation, stares at the receptionist instead, and whispers her truth once more, the dimensions of her voice expanding with each word she gets out, planting seeds of confidence she hopes will bud in time, until he raises his hand in a call for silence. He asks simply how she would know that the boy was struck, but no, she could not tell him that, could not tell him how, for all her trouble, she came to know such information, and once again, she regrets her rush, though still, she could not imagine what credible lie could have been devised with more time. Mrs. Buchanan, he says—startling her, for she had not been addressed in such a way in nearly three years—your son is here often, unfortunately, because, you see, he is anemic and constantly colliding with objects when he experiences fainting spells, but you, have never been here, as I am sure you are aware, because you are not legally permitted access to your son, or even the space 500 feet around him—now, because I am a good, sympathetic Christian, I will call this range 501 feet to his left and let you escort yourself out if you would be so rational, and might I add, considerate, to oblige, for otherwise I will need to call security to do the job instead, a sticky matter, really, I would prefer to altogether avoid. She questions him intently, asking each question as soon as she senses the former’s response— Often? Yes. How often? Maybe once a month. Have you ever sent a social worker to be sure? No need. How come? No need. But how come? We know Mr. Buchanan’s character. You only ever see him here. The child has never complained. The child is seven. Eight…. When did you diagnose the anemia? About three years ago. She screamed, she thrashed, she scraped blindly, no longer able to suppress anything at all, incapable of comprehending this trance that seemed to possess everyone who came into contact with that man who housed vermin. It only takes a moment for security to pin her down and begin to drag her away, and it seems she continued even then to thrash against the authority, though she was unaware of how she is doing it, instead, all too preoccupied with ensuring she can breathe against the swarm of splinters fighting for control of her heart. In room 240, Seth Buchanan sits next to his son, gripping his hand with such brute force he might break it should he give one extra squeeze. A nurse comes into the room and speaks to him, feeling the need to relay such a message in low tones although the room is unoccupied, save for the unconscious boy. His eyes widen, and in two long strides he is pressing his face against the window, watching his former wife struggle uselessly against the massive grips of four hospital security officers, cursing his name, he’s sure. Even as a tear runs down his cheek, Seth can’t help but smile.